Citation practices
of L2 university students in ﬁrst-year writing


 


In recent
decades, there has been increasing interest in the citation practices of
academic writers, as reference to other texts is considered one of the
distinguishing features of academic writing (Thompson & Tribble, 2001).
Citations in academic writing are central to persuasion, as they permit writers
to engage in dialogue with source texts; provide justiﬁcation and evidence for
arguments and claims; demonstrate familiarity with the literature; show
(dis)alignment with particular scholarship; and establish credibility (Hyland,
2000).


 


Speciﬁcally
focusing on student writers, several researchers have explored not only how
citations are constructed linguistically but also how they function within
writers' texts. Thompson (2001) and Thompson and Tribble (2001), for example,
studied surface forms and rhetorical functions of citations in doctoral
dissertations. They found that discipline has an effect on both form and
function of citations in doctoral student texts. Building on Thompson (2001),
Petric (2007) compared the rhetorical functions of citations in low- and
high-rated master's theses composed by L2 graduate students across various
European countries. She found that high- and low-rated theses differed
contrastively in their use of citations. While the primary rhetorical function
of citations in both groups was attribution, high-rated thesis writers utilized
citations for a greater variety of functions such as to evaluate sources,
establish links be-tween sources, and show connections between the work of the
writer and sources. Writers of low-rated theses, in contrast, generally limited
their use of citations to the attribution function, thus producing descriptive
texts that overemphasize display of knowledge of the ﬁeld rather than analysis
of the literature. 


 


Furthermore,
while researchers have investigated L2 undergraduate student writers' use of
sources, most of these studies have focused on the challenges that L2 students
experience in integrating sources in their writing and the problems they have
with source-based writing such as plagiarism and ineffective paraphrasing
(e.g., Campbell, 1990; Keck, 2006; Shi, 2004, 2010). Few studies, surprisingly,
have analyzed the surface forms and rhetorical functions of citations in
undergraduate student writing, particularly in assessed L2 writing in the
context of ﬁrst-year writing (FYW), or the stance L2 FYW students take in
relation to the sources they cite in their writing. Examining L2 university
students' citation practices from multiple perspectives (form, function, and
stance) offers a more comprehensive and representative understanding of not
only the ways in which such students incorporate cited material but also the
intentions realized by using citations and the affective position taken toward
cited proposition. 

Taking a multi-perspective analytical approach,
this study investigates the citation practices of L2 FYW students in terms of
surface forms, rhetorical functions, and writer stance

2.The line graph below shows the sales amount of an online shop last week. Write a short passage describing the sales amount of an online shop in a week with the information presented in the attached graph .
Answer:
Graph 1 shows the sales amount of an online shop last week. As the graph indicates, the sales amount of the online shop increased slowly from Monday to Wednesday (1200 yuan and 1660 yuan respectively). From Wednesday to Thursday, the sales amount dropped drastically from 1660 yuan to 1100 yuan. Actually, on Thursday the sales amount was in the bottom of the whole week. However, the online shop sold well from Friday to Saturday. On Saturday, the sales amount reached 1920 yuan, a peak of the whole week. We can see that there was a fluctuation in the sales amount from Saturday to Sunday. It decreased a little. On the whole, the graph reveals the rising tendency in the sales amount of last week of this online shop.
3.Write a conclusion section according to the following sample of Results and discussion.

Directions: 

Include the key elements of a Conclusion section in relation to the sample. 

Write at least 150 words in one or more paragraphs.

Avoid typical issues in structuring the Conclusion, such as redundancy,overstatement, anticlimax and so on. 

Use appropriate academic style of language.

Follow grammar rules. 

Answer:
We have established that test anxiety is a major factor that can impair test performance and lead to underachievement. Unfortunately, in India, the anxiety level is too high that along with weakening performance level of the students it also affects the lifestyle of students. Theoretically speaking, testing has become more authentic, formative, developmental, ethical and user-friendly leading to student autonomy. But a three-hour paper and-pencil exam can neither lend itself to accommodate these features, nor test language skills comprehensively and help classrooms benefit from positive washback. In fact, a major change in the present testing system does not seem be on the cards for some time now. Given the scenario, it is better that teachers do something about educating the students on the coping strategies to tackle test anxiety. This would at least reduce unwanted pressure which is looming large in the contemporary educational setup.

4.Write an acknowledgement within 200 words. Suppose you are a graduate writing your dissertation. You need to give thanks to your supervisor, your teachers or your friends who have already helped you.
Answer:
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

 

My first sincere and heartily acknowledgment goes to my supervisor XXX , for his/her patience, kindness and valuable suggestions during my two-year study. Her strict  academic  spirit,  enormous  knowledge  and  patient  conduct  have  helped  me  a  lot.  I am also thankful for her precious suggestions, continuous instructions and support in the completion of this dissertation. 

 

My  wholehearted  thanks  also  go  to  all  the  revered  teachers  who  have  helped  me greatly  during  my  study  in  XXX  University,  especially  Professor  XXX.  From  their  courses,  I  have  learned  a  great  deal  about  course  design,  English teaching,  language  and  testing.  Benefiting  from  the  precious  opportunity  XXX gave to me, I could take part in the internship in XXX Middle School. 

 

In addition, I  really  appreciate  the  generous  help  and  assistance  given  by  the  teachers  in  XXX  Middle  School,  especially  XXX  and  XXX  who  instruct  me  in  English teaching  skills  and  experiment.  With  their  help,  I  could  get  the  chance  to  carry  out  the series studies of task-based approach. 

 

Furthermore,  I  want  to  give  my  gratitude  to  my  classmate  XXX  for  her invaluable help during my study and writing.

 

(Adapted from Wang Qiang. A Case Study on the Effectiveness of Task-based Teaching in the English Writing Class of Junior Middle School. Hangzhou Normal University. 20th May 2015. )

5.
